# LocalDAO
Fork of PancakeSwap for DAO Protocols with Community Ownerships &amp; Governance.

**Onwnership**
LocalDAO believes in the future and potential power of DAO community-centric governance and ownership.
A DAO will be used to manage the resources which shall be generated by this protocol.

**Protocol**
We will make a fork of PancakeSwap and run the DEX via the LocalDAO.
A core-team will sparehead the running of the DAO, while the community participates in key decision by voting.

**Business**
Revenues generated from exchange fees on LocalDAO will be split 50/50.
50% of Exchnage fees goes to LDAO stakers pro rata while the 50% will be used by for day-to-day expenses of LocalDAO
The core-team will engage consultants for marketing, code development, graphics animations, etc

**Community**
The LocalDAO have a responsibility to promote the protocol within the online and off-line space.
Meetups will be sponsored for LocalDAO Amabassadors to engage their local community.

**Token Economics
LDAO will be emitted for rewards to stakers in various yield farms on our DEX.
LDAO will be burnt as deflationary measures to off-set the cost of inflation.

**Future Plan & Roadmap
- We shall draft a comprehense roadmap for LocalDAO.
- LocalDAO will embark on more soft & real-world projects
- Projects will be geared towards deepening the use-cases of LDAO.

Stay Tunned for more announcements from the Core Team. In the mean time, join us on Discord via this link https://discord.gg/RrruBCnRhx 
